Please note: This website includes an accessibility system. Press Control-F11 to adjust the website to people with visual disabilities who are using a screen reader; Press Control-F10 to open an accessibility menu.
Press enter for Accessibility for blind peoplewho use screen readers
Press enter for Keyboard Navigation
Press enter for Accessibility menu
MENU

0






Puffy SERENITY Adjustable Base

Twin XL
38"W x 80"L x 15"H
$1,499
$1,199

ADD TO CART
Puffy Serenity Adjustable Base
Premium Comfort Control at the Touch of a Button
Gallery Image 1
Gallery Image 2
Gallery Image 3
Thumbnail 1
Thumbnail 2
Thumbnail 3
Thumbnail 4
Puffy SERENITY Adjustable Base
Rated 5 stars by 600+ sleepers

CHOOSE YOUR SIZE:
Size guide
Twin XL
Full
Queen
Split King
(
Total Value
$1,499
)

$1,199with savings
Buy with a mattress and save $300 $500

ADD TO CART
100% money-back guarantee.

Order today for delivery by Jul 28 - 31.
Add a mattress:

$3,249 $1,899



Need help ordering? Call now.
Talk 1-on-1 with our support specialist.

Call +1 (800) 430-8380
or
Chat With Us
Free shipping. In 1 - 2 days.

101-night sleep trial.

Warranty. For life.

Risk-Free 101-Night Sleep Trial
Try our award-winning Puffy product in your home for 101 nights. If it's not your perfect comfort match, return it for a full refund. No questions asked.

Enjoy Energizing Rest and Relaxation at the Click of a Button
Ultimate Comfort Control
The Puffy Serenity Adjustable Base is easy to adjust using the wireless remote. Elevate your head and legs to the height that feels most soothing for your body and sleep style.

Ultimate Comfort Control
Pressure-Relieving Zero Gravity
The built-in zero gravity (Zero-G) sleep position elevates your body to the optimal angle for relieving pressure and snoring.

Pressure-Relieving Zero Gravity
Calming, Convenient Features
Create a relaxing bedtime experience that's all your own with gentle under-bed lighting, dual USB charging, and 3-speed massage modes.

Calming, Convenient Features
Questions?
We’ve Got Answers
Serenity Adjustable Base
Shipping & Returns

What are the pros and cons of an adjustable bed?

Are adjustable bases worth it?

Can you put any mattress on an adjustable bed?

Can I use my existing headboard and footboard with the adjustable base?

What is the height of the Serenity Adjustable Base from the ground?

How does my Serenity Adjustable Base work if I have a split king base with one king mattress on top?
View all
9 Reasons Why Sleepers Choose
the Puffy Serenity Adjustable Base
1
Adjustable
comfort.
2
Relaxation
technology.
3
Style &
support.
4
Easy-to-use
features.
5
Quick
assembly.
6
Maximum
comfort control.
7
101-night
sleep trial.
8
Lifetime
warranty.
9
Fast & free
shipping.

REASON 1
Comfort control with remote-adjustable leg and head elevation.
Adapt your bed to your lifestyle and relieve discomfort by adjusting your head up to 80 degrees and legs up to 57 degrees. The zero gravity feature helps eliminate pressure throughout the body and improve breathing and circulation.
Hear From Our
Community of Satisfied Puffy Sleepers
4.8

Based on 673 Reviews

Sleepers love how the Puffy Serenity Adjustable Base helps them sleep better through easy-to-control positions and simple assembly. They often mention how well it works with their Puffy mattress.
Easy setup
Helps relieve back pain
Sleep position control
Split option available
Quality construction
Ask a question
Reviews (673)
Questions (1,778)
06/14/2025
Arthur Norelli 
Works for me!
See Video

0
Puffy replied:
Hi Arthur, we're so glad you're enjoying your Puffy Serenity Adjustable Base, thank you for sharing with us!
06/01/2025
Chris Arroyo 
MUST HAVE Addition
After looking for the right mattress I’ve always wanted a base that moves and massages. While it was not necessary my girlfriend encouraged me to get one since her dad had one before. Safe to say I am thoroughly pleased with it and never regretted it!

0
Puffy replied:
Hi Chris, we're so glad you're enjoying your Puffy mattress and base, thank you for sharing with us!
03/21/2025
saundra Hansen 
two added benefits for sleep apnea
Hello, I purchased a split king adjustable mattress and frame for my husband and myself recently. I was very pleased with this purchase for the reasons below…. My husband found the adjustable bed controls very easy to use. I found the anti snore position to be very beneficial to my sleep overall i feel more rested and less congested in the morning. The night lights make midnight bathroom runs easy The best memory foam mattress I have ever had hands down! Extremely well made and...Show full review

0
Puffy replied:
Hi Saundra, we're so glad you're enjoying your Puffy mattress, thank you for sharing with us!
03/03/2025
Courtney Price 
The best
This is my first adjustable bed frame and I will have to say it’s amazing. I suffer from severe back pain and this helps with the discomfort.

0
Puffy replied:
Hi Courtney, we're so glad you're enjoying your Puffy mattress and adjustable base, thank you for sharing with us!
02/15/2025
Alexandria Young 
Puffy serenity base the perfect match for any puffymattress
I love my mattress base. It has a massage it has lighting under the bed. It has zero gravity. I have severe back pain and sleeping in zero gravity is the best thing that ever happened to me thank you puffy

0
Puffy replied:
Hi Alexandria, we're so glad you're enjoying your new Puffy adjustable base, thank you for sharing with us!
11/18/2024
Robin Hanes 
10 stars
I would rate this mattress 10 stars if I could. After a long series of back surgeries I never thought I would find a mattress that I could stay all night on much less actually sleep on. With puffy cloud I found that! It came straight to my door in perfect condition. Worth every penny.

0
Puffy replied:
Hi there, we're so glad you're enjoying your new Puffy mattress and base, thank you for sharing with us!
04/22/2024
David 
Puffy fanboy
I now have a Puffy Cloud mattress and the Serenity Adjustable Base. Both are great. I got the base because I developed gastritis and reflux, and needed a way to comfortably prop myself up while working, resting, and sleeping. Delivery was fast. Setup was easy. Customer service is top notch. And, with the 101 night trial, there's really no risk. It's a no-brainer for me.

0
Puffy replied:
Hi David, we're so glad you're enjoying your new Puffy mattress, thank you for sharing with us!
11/13/2023
Julie Soekoro 
Adjustable base, king
I am on week three with new adjustable base Puffy bed. Still getting used to it. Seems comfortable. Disadvantage is changing two sets of sheets with the king which is two XL twins side by side. Should have ordered more sheets as new size sheets don't work with the adjustable bases.

0
Puffy replied:
Hi Julie, we're so glad you're enjoying your new Puffy adjustable base, thank you for sharing with us!
07/04/2023
Virginia Howden 
Great mattress and adjustable base pairing!
This purchase has been a life changer. We are now sleeping a full night for the first time in many years. Having the adjustable base has taking this purchase to the next level of comfort. We bought the split king set because my husband likes to have his head raised whereas I like to have my feet raised. The Lux mattress gives us so much support that we don't feel any of the mechanics from the base. This is definitely the best investment in our health that we have made - no ...Show full review

0
1
Puffy replied:
Hi Virginia, we're so glad that you're getting better sleep now, thank you so much for sharing with us!
02/27/2023
Lisa M Knuppel 
Best bed purchase!
Do not hesitate to purchase this mattress and adjustable frame . So comfortable , took 20 minutes to put together , and ahhh so comfortable ! Purchased 3 sets ! So thrilled

0
Puffy replied:
Hi Lisa, we're so glad you're enjoying your new Puffy adjustable base, thank you so much for sharing with us!
1
2
3
4
5
Our 5-star product reviews demonstrate the customer satisfaction that Puffy is known for. From our award-winning mattress collection to our bestselling bases, frames, and bedding, thousands of sleepers prefer Puffy's cloudlike comfort.
Contact Us 7 Days a Week
for Best-in-Class Support
Speak 1-on-1
with a specialist.
Call +1 (800) 430-8380
Have questions?
Let's chat.
Live Chat
Send us an
email.
Email
Text for a
special offer.
Text Puffy1 to
+1 (833) 514-0644
WHEN TO REACH US
5:00 a.m. - 8:00 p.m. PST Monday-Friday
8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. PST Saturday-Sunday
Sign Up for Special Offers
Get exclusive savings, product news, and sleep
tips straight to your inbox.
Enter your email address
Sign Up
Products
MATTRESSES
Puffy Cloud Mattress
Puffy Lux Hybrid Mattress
Puffy Royal Hybrid Mattress
Puffy Monarch Hybrid Mattress
SMART BEDS
Puffy Cloud Smart Bed Set
Puffy Lux Smart Bed Set Hybrid
Puffy Royal Smart Bed Set Hybrid
Puffy Monarch Smart Bed Set Hybrid
BED FRAMES
Serenity Adjustable Base
Milan Bed Frame
Sterling Bed Frame
Capri Bed Frame
Zen Bed Frame
Dusk Bed Frame
Midnight Foundation
BEDDING & MORE
Signature Pillow
Signature Sheets Set
Signature Mattress Protector
Signature Sleep Mask
Deluxe Mattress Topper
Deluxe Mattress Pad
Deluxe Comforter
Deluxe Blanket
Deluxe Weighted Blanket
SoHo Sectional Sofa
Rug
Sale
FOLLOW US
Shop by Size
Twin
Twin XL
Full
Queen
King
Cal King
Split King
Compare
Compare Mattresses
Mattress Quiz
Puffy vs Purple Mattress
Puffy vs Nectar Mattress
Puffy vs DreamCloud Mattress
Puffy vs Casper Mattress
Puffy vs Saatva Mattress
Puffy vs Tuft & Needle Mattress
Puffy vs Leesa Mattress
Size Guides
Bed Sizes
Queen Size
Twin vs Queen Size
King vs Queen Size
Full vs Queen Size
Full vs Twin Size
King vs California King Size
Blanket Sizes
Resources
Sleep Calculator
Sleep & Wellness
Bedroom Decor
Lux Comfort
Puffy Blog
Sitemap
Company
Store Locations
Become a Dealer
Mattress Awards
Puffy Donations
Affiliate Program
Refer a Friend
Healthcare Discount
Military Discount
Education Discount
Support
Reviews
Contact Us
FAQs
Financing
Shipping Policy
Return Policy
Puffy Warranty
101-Night Sleep Trial
Track Your Order
Accessibility
AWARD-WINNING #1 LUXURY MATTRESS
Free shipping and returns.Made in the USA.Lifetime warranty.
Privacy
Terms
California Privacy Notice
Your Privacy Choices
© 2025 Puffy Mattress. All Rights Reserved.
We use cookies and third-party technologies on our site to enhance your browsing experience, analyze traffic, provide communication tools, and personalize content and ads. By continuing to use this site or by clicking 'Okay,' you agree to the use of these technologies and the processing of your information as described in our Privacy Policy.


Your Privacy Choices
OKAY

