Please note: This website includes an accessibility system. Press Control-F11 to adjust the website to people with visual disabilities who are using a screen reader; Press Control-F10 to open an accessibility menu.
Press enter for Accessibility for blind peoplewho use screen readers
Press enter for Keyboard Navigation
Press enter for Accessibility menu
MENU

0







Best-in-Class Support for Puffy Sleepers
7 Days a Week
BUSINESS HOURS
5:00 a.m. - 8:00 p.m. PST Monday - Friday8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. PST Saturday - Sunday
Our expert team responds quickly, weekdays and weekends.
Made
in USA.

101-night
sleep trial.

Free shipping.
In 1 - 2 days.

Warranty.
For life.

Easy financing
options.

There Are Many Ways To Reach Us
Enjoy expert assistance via email, call, message, or chat.
Speak 1-on-1 with a specialist.
Call
+1 (800) 430-8380
Have questions? Let's chat.

Live Chat
Send us an
email.
Email
Text for a
special offer.
Text Puffy1 to
+1 (833) 514-0644
Send Our Product Experts a Message
Our best-in-class support team is ready to assist with any questions about your sleep journey.
Puffy Lux Hybrid Mattress
Full Name*
Enter your name
Email Address*
Enter your email
Why are you reaching out?*
Select reason

Message*
Type in your message
SEND MESSAGE
“Great Customer Support.
Great Brand. Great Bed.”
We couldn’t have said it better ourselves.
“Phenomenal customer support. Maybe the best of any company I’ve ever dealt with. Couldn’t recommend their product and company more… Puffy shows that there are a few good ones still out there.”
Nick
Verified
“Puffy mattress has got to have some of the best customer support I've gotten in a LONG while. Their mattress is great. If you have any doubts, just give it a try and take them up on their 101-night sleep trial offer if you don't like it for a super easy return.”
Al B.
Verified
“I have to give PUFFY'S CUSTOMER SUPPORT 's. They respond immediately… & I can't get over how SIMPLE the whole shopping/ordering process was…”
Linda
Verified
Questions?
We’ve Got Answers
Mattresses
Smart Beds
Bed Frames
Bedding and More
Financing
Shipping & Returns
Ask anything about our mattresses and more.
What are the business hours for customer support?
How can we help?

AI Agent by Alhena AI

How do returns work with the 101-night sleep trial?
Try your mattress as part of our 101-night sleep trial, risk-free. If you change your mind within 101 nights after testing your mattress for at least two weeks, we'll schedule your free return and issue a full refund.

A charity donation of your mattress will be organized when arranging your return. We can donate on your behalf, or you can donate to a charity of your choice. Email support@puffy.com with your order number to start your return.

For more information, read our return policy.

Back to top

How do you return your mattress?
Returning your mattress is free and easy with our 101-night sleep trial. If you change your mind within 101 nights, we will schedule your return and issue a full refund. We recommend you test your mattress for at least two weeks before requesting a return.

Your mattress is donated to charity as part of the return process, giving it a second life. We will donate on your behalf, or you can donate to your chosen charity. Email support@puffy.com with your order number to initiate your return.

For more information, read our return policy.

Is it free to return a product?
Yes! You won't incur shipping charges when returning a Puffy mattress or accessories.

How much does it cost to ship?
Shipping is free!

How do you clean a Puffy mattress?
All Puffy mattresses are designed for easy cleaning. Spot-clean your mattress with cold water and mild detergent to maintain its freshness and quality for years to come.

The waterproof Puffy Signature Mattress Protector safeguards your mattress against spills, stains, dust, and more. This premium protector features breathable, soft materials and deep 15" pockets for a secure fit.

What is covered in the lifetime warranty?
Our lifetime warranty protects the quality of all mattresses, bed frames, bedding, and bedroom accessories for the entire time you use them.

Where are Puffy mattresses made?
We're proud to produce American-made mattresses. All Puffy mattresses are designed, manufactured, assembled, and sewn right here in the USA.

How do you fix a sagging mattress?
Our collection is designed to last longer than standard mattresses, which usually need changing every 6-7 years. Each Puffy mattress features high-quality, durable comfort and support materials, so it lasts up to 10 or more years.

In the event you experience sinking or sagging, you can return your mattress for a full refund during the 101-night sleep trial. Your mattress also comes with a lifetime warranty that covers defects in materials and workmanship throughout its lifetime.

What is the difference between the Puffy Cloud and the Puffy Lux Hybrid?
Puffy Cloud Mattress is a 10" 6-layer memory foam mattress that offers all types of sleepers a perfect blend of comfort and support. Puffy Lux Hybrid is a specialized 12" 8-layer mattress that combines memory foam and contour-adapt coils for better back support, stability, and cooling.

Need better back support? Puffy Lux Hybrid is for you.


What is the difference between the Puffy Cloud and the Puffy Royal Hybrid?
Puffy Cloud Mattress is a 10" 6-layer memory foam mattress that offers all types of sleepers a perfect combination of comfort and support. Puffy Royal Hybrid is a premier 14" 10-layer mattress that features zoned full-body support with Cloud Breeze™ Technology, an airflow-enhancing layer that expels heat and draws in fresh, cool air while you sleep.

Need full-body support and premium cooling? Puffy Royal Hybrid is for you.

What is the difference between the Puffy Cloud and the Puffy Monarch Hybrid?
Puffy Cloud Mattress is a 10" 6-layer memory foam mattress that offers all types of sleepers a perfect combination of comfort and support. The Puffy Monarch Hybrid is our ultra-luxurious mattress model with a 16" profile and 12 layers of exceptional comfort. In addition to zoned full-body support, it features additional support from an airy latex layer and multiple layers of premium contouring, quilting, and an alpaca wool filling.

What is the difference between the Puffy Lux Hybrid and the Puffy Royal Hybrid?
Puffy Lux Hybrid is a specialized 12" 8-layer mattress that combines memory foam and contour-adapt coils for better back support, stability, and cooling. Puffy Royal Hybrid is a premier 14" 10-layer mattress that features zoned full-body support with Cloud Breeze Technology™, an airflow-enhancing layer that expels heat and draws in fresh, cool air while you sleep.

Need better back support? Puffy Lux Hybrid is for you.

Need full-body support and premium cooling? Puffy Royal Hybrid is for you.

What is the difference between the Puffy Lux Hybrid and the Puffy Monarch Hybrid?
Puffy Lux Hybrid is a specialized 12" 8-layer mattress that combines memory foam and contour-adapt coils for better back support, stability, and cooling. The Puffy Monarch Hybrid features a 16" profile and 12 layers of deluxe comfort. Enjoy zoned full-body support and contour-adapt coils, plus support from an additional breathable latex layer, pressure-relieving contouring foams, and an exceptionally luxurious alpaca wool filling and quilted upper.

Need great back support? Puffy Lux Hybrid is for you.

Need incredible full-body support, contouring, deluxe pressure relief, enhanced cushioning, airflow, and ultra-comfy alpaca wool? The Puffy Monarch Hybrid is for you.

What is the difference between the Puffy Royal Hybrid and the Puffy Monarch Hybrid?
Puffy Royal Hybrid is a premier 14" 10-layer mattress that features zoned full-body support with Cloud Breeze™ Technology, an advanced cooling layer that circulates airflow through the mattress to disperse heat. The Puffy Monarch Hybrid is the most luxurious mattress in our collection and features all the benefits of the Royal taken to exceptional heights with a deluxe pillow top layer of quilting and exquisite alpaca wool, thicker contouring foams, and springy, airy latex for absolute comfort.

Need full-body support and premium cooling? Puffy Royal Hybrid is for you.

Looking for unparalleled support for your entire body, luxurious contouring, superior pressure alleviation, boosted cushioning, optimized airflow, and luxury materials in a hand-finished product? The Puffy Monarch Hybrid is your perfect match.

Will you pick up and remove my old mattress?
We do not have a service to pick-up your old mattress. However, you do have options. To remove your old mattress, contact a local donation center, or simply call 1-(800)-GOT-JUNK, they will provide pick-up service for a small fee. Most sanitation departments also provide 1-2 free large item pick-ups per year. You can try giving your local department a call to arrange this.

How much do the mattresses weigh?
MATTRESS WEIGHTS PER SIZE
Size	Puffy Cloud
(lbs)	Puffy Lux hybrid tag
(lbs)	Puffy Royal hybrid tag
(lbs)	Puffy Monarch hybrid tag
(lbs)
Twin	34	55	63	NA
Twin XL	36	57	65	67
Full	47	77	89	NA
Queen	54	89	105	106
King	70	115	131	132
California King	69	109	125	129
Split King	72	114	130	134

How tall (depth) are the mattresses?
The original Puffy Cloud Mattress is 10" tall, the Puffy Lux Hybrid Mattress is 12" tall, the Puffy Royal Hybrid Mattress is 14" tall, and the Puffy Monarch Hybrid Mattress is 16" tall.


Does Puffy get indentations where you sleep after a while?
The Puffy mattress has undergone years of research to develop and is made with the highest quality materials. The Puffy Cloud, Puffy Lux Hybrid, Puffy Royal Hybrid, and Puffy Monarch Hybrid come with a lifetime warranty to cover you from any manufacturing defects such as mattress sagging and deep indentations.

Can each Puffy mattress be used on an adjustable base/frame?
Yes! All our mattresses are compatible with your existing adjustable base or our full-featured, high-quality Puffy Serenity Adjustable Base.

What are the dimensions of each Puffy mattress?
MATTRESS DIMENSIONS PER SIZE
Size	Puffy Cloud	Puffy Lux hybrid tag	Puffy Royal hybrid tag	Puffy Monarch hybrid tag
Twin	38"W x 75"L x 10"H	38"W x 75"L x 12"H	38"W x 75"L x 14"H	NA
Twin XL	38"W x 80"L x 10"H	38"W x 80"L x 12"H	38"W x 80"L x 14"H	38"W x 80"L x 16"H
Full	54"W x 75"L x 10"H	54"W x 75"L x 12"H	54"W x 75"L x 14"H	NA
Queen	60"W x 80"L x 10"H	60"W x 80"L x 12"H	60"W x 80"L x 14"H	60"W x 80"L x 16"H
King	76"W x 80"L x 10"H	76"W x 80"L x 12"H	76"W x 80"L x 14"H	76"W x 80"L x 16"H
California King	72"W x 84"L x 10"H	72"W x 84"L x 12"H	72"W x 84"L x 14"H	72"W x 84"L x 16"H
Split King	2 - 38"W x 80"L x 10"H	2 - 38"W x 80"L x 12"H	2 - 38"W x 80"L x 14"H	2 - 38"W x 80"L x 16"H
Your Puffy Cloud Mattress will arrive in a box that measures 19"W x 19"L x 42"H. Your Puffy Lux Hybrid Mattress and Puffy Royal Hybrid Mattress will arrive in a box that measures 16"W x 16"L x 44"H. Your Puffy Monarch Hybrid Mattress will arrive in a box that measures 19"W x 19"L x 47"H.

Back to top

How much weight can my Puffy mattress hold?
Puffy mattresses are designed to support up to 350 lbs per person.

What base should a Puffy mattress have?
Your mattress can be placed on any frame, base, or flat surface. This includes slatted and platform bed frames, box springs, adjustable bases, and even the floor.

Our range of bed frames and mattress foundations pair perfectly with every choice of cloudlike Puffy mattress.

Do I need to flip my Puffy mattress?

Puffy's mattresses are designed so that it would never need to be flipped over. You can, on occasion, rotate them 180 degrees, however it is not necessary.

How do I set up my Puffy mattress?

You can set up your Puffy mattress in 6 easy steps and it only takes minutes! Since the mattress will arrive compressed in a 19"W x 19"L x 42"H box (Puffy Cloud), 16"W x 16"L x 44"H box (Puffy Lux Hybrid and Puffy Royal Hybrid), or 19"W x 19"L x 47"H box (Puffy Monarch Hybrid) it's easy to move the mattress into your bedroom. You can check out our unboxing video to see just how easy it is to start sleeping on a cloud!

How long before I can sleep on my Puffy mattress?

Not long at all. We recommend at least 2 hours for full expansion. It's important to let the mattress circulate oxygen before you lay down and experience the best sleep of your life.

Do you make custom-size mattresses or mattresses for RVs?

Puffy only comes in the 6 US standard mattress sizes:

Twin
Twin XL
Full
Queen
King
California King

What is a hybrid mattress?

A hybrid mattress is a combination of two types of mattresses. The Puffy Lux Hybrid and Puffy Royal Hybrid mattresses are designed with a comfy blend of premium memory foam and foam encased contour-adapt coils. You will feel enhanced support for a uniquely customized sleep experience. The Puffy Monarch Hybrid also features a premium memory foam and contour-adapt coil design but with an added layer of luxurious latex and an alpaca wool-filled pillow top for a truly decadent sleep experience.

Can you flip a hybrid mattress?

You will never need to flip a Puffy hybrid mattress. Our mattresses are layered to perfection and guaranteed to stand the test of time. We offer a lifetime warranty on all our mattresses for extra peace of mind.

What is the difference between a memory foam mattress and a hybrid mattress?

Puffy memory foam mattresses only have foam layers whereas the Puffy hybrid mattress range combines foam, coils, and other premium materials such as latex and alpaca wool. Hybrid mattresses offer more stability, edge support, and airflow due to the coil base.

What is the best foundation for a hybrid mattress?
The best thing about the Puffy hybrid mattress range is that they can fit on any bed frame - no box spring required!

Products
MATTRESSES
Puffy Cloud Mattress
Puffy Lux Hybrid Mattress
Puffy Royal Hybrid Mattress
Puffy Monarch Hybrid Mattress
SMART BEDS
Puffy Cloud Smart Bed Set
Puffy Lux Smart Bed Set Hybrid
Puffy Royal Smart Bed Set Hybrid
Puffy Monarch Smart Bed Set Hybrid
BED FRAMES
Serenity Adjustable Base
Milan Bed Frame
Sterling Bed Frame
Capri Bed Frame
Zen Bed Frame
Dusk Bed Frame
Midnight Foundation
BEDDING & MORE
Signature Pillow
Signature Sheets Set
Signature Mattress Protector
Signature Sleep Mask
Deluxe Mattress Topper
Deluxe Mattress Pad
Deluxe Comforter
Deluxe Blanket
Deluxe Weighted Blanket
SoHo Sectional Sofa
Rug
Sale
FOLLOW US
Shop by Size
Twin
Twin XL
Full
Queen
King
Cal King
Split King
Compare
Compare Mattresses
Mattress Quiz
Puffy vs Purple Mattress
Puffy vs Nectar Mattress
Puffy vs DreamCloud Mattress
Puffy vs Casper Mattress
Puffy vs Saatva Mattress
Puffy vs Tuft & Needle Mattress
Puffy vs Leesa Mattress
Size Guides
Bed Sizes
Queen Size
Twin vs Queen Size
King vs Queen Size
Full vs Queen Size
Full vs Twin Size
King vs California King Size
Blanket Sizes
Resources
Sleep Calculator
Sleep & Wellness
Bedroom Decor
Lux Comfort
Puffy Blog
Sitemap
Company
Store Locations
Become a Dealer
Mattress Awards
Puffy Donations
Affiliate Program
Refer a Friend
Healthcare Discount
Military Discount
Education Discount
Support
Reviews
Contact Us
FAQs
Financing
Shipping Policy
Return Policy
Puffy Warranty
101-Night Sleep Trial
Track Your Order
Accessibility
AWARD-WINNING #1 LUXURY MATTRESS
Free shipping and returns.Made in the USA.Lifetime warranty.
Privacy
Terms
California Privacy Notice
Your Privacy Choices
© 2025 Puffy Mattress. All Rights Reserved.
We use cookies and third-party technologies on our site to enhance your browsing experience, analyze traffic, provide communication tools, and personalize content and ads. By continuing to use this site or by clicking 'Okay,' you agree to the use of these technologies and the processing of your information as described in our Privacy Policy.


Your Privacy Choices
OKAY

Chat 24/7
Puffy